README.md, before:

# toolbox
Repo of useful functions used by the Polar Gliders Research Group.   
Created as a tutorial for collaborative git use.  

If you are completely new to using github, follow their tutorial here:   
https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/start-your-journey/hello-world  


To contribute:


If you are not a collaborator, first you will need to fork the repo to your own git account before cloning to your local system so that you can make changes:    
- Fork the repo e.g. On the top right-hand side of the page click Fork  
For more information follow this tutorial: https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo  
- clone the repo .e.g git clone 'url to the forked repo'

If you are a collaborator:  
- clone the repo e.g.  git clone https://github.com/polar-gliders-operations/toolbox.git  

Then continue with the following:   
- creat a branch e.g. git checkout -b your-feature-branch
- make your edit
- commit your edit  e.g git commit -m 'feat: describe your change here'  
    *commit syntax guidelines*
    feat: (new feature)  
    fix: (bug fix)  
    docs: (changes to the documentation)  
    style: (formatting, missing semi colons, etc)  
    refactor: (refactoring code, eg. renaming a variable)  
    test: (adding missing tests, refactoring tests)  

    https://www.conventionalcommits.org/

- push to repo e.g. git push --set-upstream origin your-feature-branch
- create a pull request
- request someone to review and merge the changes

Commit message:

docs:add note on unit tests

README.md, after:

# toolbox
Repo of useful functions used by the Polar Gliders Research Group.   
Created as a tutorial for collaborative git use.  

If you are completely new to using github, follow their tutorial here:   
https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/start-your-journey/hello-world  


To contribute:


If you are not a collaborator, first you will need to fork the repo to your own git account before cloning to your local system so that you can make changes:    
- Fork the repo e.g. On the top right-hand side of the page click Fork  
For more information follow this tutorial: https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo  
- clone the repo .e.g git clone 'url to the forked repo'

If you are a collaborator:  
- clone the repo e.g.  git clone https://github.com/polar-gliders-operations/toolbox.git  

Then continue with the following:   
- creat a branch e.g. git checkout -b your-feature-branch
- make your edit
- commit your edit  e.g git commit -m 'feat: describe your change here'  
    *commit syntax guidelines*
    feat: (new feature)  
    fix: (bug fix)  
    docs: (changes to the documentation)  
    style: (formatting, missing semi colons, etc)  
    refactor: (refactoring code, eg. renaming a variable)  
    test: (adding missing tests, refactoring tests)  

    https://www.conventionalcommits.org/

- push to repo e.g. git push --set-upstream origin your-feature-branch
- create a pull request
- request someone to review and merge the changes  

**Unit Tests**
When setting up your unit test follow one of the preexisting formats.
